feat(curriculum): add Python module for installation and running code locally (#67279)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-python-installation/67fe8567f141d632afaeb71b.md

# --description--

> For all of the workshops and labs, you will be using freeCodeCamp's Python editor. But it is important to learn how to setup Python on your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all of the workshops and labs, you will be using freeCodeCamp's Python editor. But it is important to learn how to set up Python on your local machine.
```
